# Market Research

Humidity chambers have a variety of different uses: plant growth, product testing, as a humidor, and for art or rare material preservation. Also known as climatic test chambers, products are placed inside the chamber and subjected to temperature and relative humidity cycles to determine their resistance. Different products include electronics, circuit boards, automotive components, pharmaceuticals, moisture-resistant materials, and consumer goods intended to have long-shelf lives. These chambers are important for product testing since they enable producers to simulate real-world situations. For example, circuit boards and electronics must be corrosion resistant to ensure longevity and efficiency, and moisture-resistant packaging and consumer goods must be tested for shelf life for FDA restrictions. 

The global market for climatic test chambers is experiencing strong growth, with the 2024 valuation of the market being around 2.4 billion USD, with a CAGR of 7% CAGR to exceed 2.4 billion USD by 2032. Demand is growiith due to strong product reliability and safety regulations and expectations from consumers and governments. Furthermore, growth of consumer electronics has pushed the demand for product validation, with especially strict standards for the aerospace and defense industries, who use these test chambers to test parts for their efficacy even in varying climatic conditions. 

Furthermore, integration of automation and artificial intelligence is pushing the abilities of these test chambers, where remote interfacing and real-time monitoring is pushing the abilities of these chambers. These chambers are thousands of dollars, with the smallest models starting at $5,000 for a 34 L system. However, these chambers also tend to couple temperature control, and they can go from -70 C to 183 C. Even the smallest models begin at $1000. 

In the market, there is a gap for very small, budget climatic test chambers, especially chambers that only control humidity if temperature is not a variable of concern. The largest cost driver is the temperature control system, as the refridgeration system and heating elements are very expensive due to the number and the quality of the compressors and electronics required. Futhermore, the humidity sensors used for industry R&D have low ranges and margins of error in measurement, leading to a costlier subsystem. These two subsystems together are around 65% of the cost. The rest of the cost comes from the interface, control electronics, and the insulating material, which the most effective chambers used higher cost insulating materials. Our chamber hopes to occupy a space for a cheaper humidity chamber that only focuses on humidity, eliminating one subsystem. The total cost of our chamber would be 

# GANTT Chart
